Add endpoint to Fonzie to control access to instructor CSV files (#15)
openfun/fonzie: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Add endpoint to control access to instructor dashboard CSV export files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add ACL views to control access to instructor dashboard exported files
```

> - Add cms and nginx container and improve development environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `cms` and `nginx` services to development environment
```
